https://youtu.be/MgkqxXCmrtI?t=13930

Player walks up to the front desk, at which time it checks if a contest is actively going on.
	If no contest, prompt player to do one. Only one contest hall per region to simplify things.
	Player then picks which type of contest they prefer to enter. Store this value as a tag.
	If player has won other contests, they can choose a rank to participate in. Normal, Super, Hyper, Master. Store as a scoreboard value.
It is then asked that the Pokemon the player wishes to enter into the contest is sent out. 
From here, a function scans the Pokemon for attributes. ndex, form, size, and four moves. 
	Each of these values is logged on an armor stand to be retrieved during the contest.
Player then teleports into the contest hall, and sets up the scene
Upon start of the contest, RNG values are rolled for your three opponents. They will share the stage with you.
	Each contestent is also represented by an armor stand. But the data pool will be more limited
		https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/List_of_Contest_opponents_(Generation_VI)

Introduction Round (First Round)
	Player is prompted to use a move based on what data was cloned to the armor stand. Each move has a specific amount of hearts and info that can be seen on hover.
		https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1blSlFzBde25rMGkwaRGbf0d6FHRiGAptyxYzPTdequg/edit#gid=0
Player selects a move to use, and a cutscene of them using the move runs. Add particles for special effects, could be based roughly on the move's type.
	Move used is tracked, and can bore the audience if used in the second round. Could add a tag with Move1, Move2 when using it.
Player then views opponents using moves, which are rolled at random. 
Score of the appeal used is stored and used for scoring. Could display at the top as a boss bar for all players in the contest hall.
	Appeal is positive, Jam subtracts opponent's hearts. 

Secondary round, player then picks their move again.
	If player picks the same move, a Move1, Move2, etc tag is read, and messages them that the audience was bored with that move. Half the appeal?
Player then views opponents using moves, which are rolled at random. 

Scoring (Simplified method)
Dialogue then goes through scoring the player's Pokemon, and based on amount of hearts, grants them first, second, third or fourth. 
	Score can be continually displayed on the sidebar.